Specification for the Signal class
----------------------------------

In the following, attribute and method names starting with an
underscore are intended to be "private". In other words, they are not
part of the public interface of the Signal class. The private
attributes and methods are for internal use or for use by a simulator
object that interacts with Signal objects.

In the following, a "sig" denotes an instance of the Signal class.

* A sig should have a read-only attribute 'val' that represents its
  current value.

* The Signal contructor should have one mandatory parameter 'val' to
  initialize its current value and future value.

* The Signal contructor should have an optional parameter 'delay' to
  specify an initial delay value for the signal. The default value is
  0, meaning no delay.

* A sig should have a 'delay' attribute that represents its current
  delay. It is acceptable that this attribute is only present if the
  sig has been constructed with a non-zero delay.

* A sig should have a 'next' attribute that represents its future
  value. The 'next' attribute provides both write and read
  access. (Read access is required to support mutable values.)

* A sig should have a number of private list attributes that can hold
  generators that are waiting for a particular change on the sig's value:
  - '_eventWaiters': generators waiting for a value change
  - '_posedgeWaiters': generators waiting for a change from false to true
  - '_negedgeWaiters': generators waiting for a change from true to false

* A sig should have read-only attributes 'posedge' and 'negedge' to
  represent a posedge and negedge value change in yield clauses of
  generators. To represent an event (a value change), the sig itself
  is used in a yield clause.

* A sig should have an '_update()' method that performs the actions
  required to make the future value current. When 'delay' is 0, it
  assigns the future value to the current value. In addition, it
  returns a list of waiters for which a particular value change is
  satisfied, and removes them from the internal lists that held
  them. When 'delay' is nonzero, it schedules the application of the
  future value in the _simulator._futureEvents list and returns an
  empty list.

* A sig should have an '_apply(next, ...)' method that handles the
  application of a scheduled 'next' value. It implements inertial
  delay by only applying the 'next' value if there has been no change
  to the sig's 'next' attribute since the 'next' value was scheduled.
  If so, it assigns the 'next' value to the current value. In
  addition, it returns a list of waiters for which a particular value
  change is satisfied, and removes them from the internal lists that
  held them.

* When the 'next' attribute is accessed to modify a mutable value, the
  change should be made to an object that is distinct from the current
  value object.

* Whenever the 'next' attribute is accessed, a sig should be entered
  in the '_simulator._siglist'.  A simulator can thus know which sig's
  need updating.

* A sig should have no other public attributes than those described
  above.

